welcome back to recap cinema today we
will be recapping over a crime thriller
movie by the name of wild things with a
few twists you won't expect
spoilers ahead sam lombardo is the
school guidance counselor at a miami
high school he is very popular
especially with the female students
sam has come to the main hall to talk to
the students about reaching the halfway
point of their senior year the students
all cheer while sam makes his way to a
chalkboard and begins to write the topic
of the rest of the assembly but as he
finishes the crowd dies down sam
introduces the students to the two
guests from the blue bay police
department detective duquette and
detective perez the crowd boos as the
two detectives make their way up to the
podium when suddenly a student see
toller stands and begins to leave as
detective duquette begins susie
interrupts him by taunting and insulting
him before leaving
sam and the two detectives leave the
hall preceding the ineffective talk with
the students they spot susie in the
courtyard at which point detective
duquette reveals he had busted her on a
weed charge which landed her a lengthy
six months in a detention facility as
perez and dukoit leave sam to go to
their car paris mentions how duquette
seems not to like sam to which he
responds that he sees straight through
him
as the school day comes to an end the
student sailing club arrives back at the
docks
sam runs it and is helping a student
clean off the boat the cheerleading
squad is practicing near them
distracting both sam and the student
until a large yacht passes by the end of
the canal the student remarks how he
wants to own a yacht like that one day
when sam cuts in pointing to a large
sailing boat while mumbling about how
it's a real boat the student thanks sam
for helping him get into the boating
club as he couldn't afford it without
his help
as they finish packing up the boat kelly
van ryan steps onto the dock with her
eyes locked on sam she casually asks if
the boating is for boys only or if a
girl can play too
sam turns back to work on the boat just
as kelly starts to ask him who is
washing his car that weekend for the
senior car wash sam sharply responds
washing his old jeep would be a waste of
time but after kelly presses him he
agrees to let her and a friend wash it
after he takes a trip to the glades on
the weekend
deal kelly responds with a smile she
goes on to ask him if she can have a
lift home
flustered sam encourages the other
student to ride with them
kelly is disappointed as he agrees and
she is not able to ride alone with sam
as they pull out of the school kelly
spots susie trying to start her old car
cheering at her outfit
suzy retaliates to which sam
sarcastically remarks how well the
students get on
kelly continues to try to flirt with sam
during the ride home while he ignores
her advances
finally they arrive back at kelly's
house it's an extravagant property with
a guarded front gate many bedrooms and a
balcony as sam's open-top jeep pulls
into the enormous driveway sandra van
ryan kelly's mom opens the balcony doors
wearing a bikini she seductively asks
sam if he would like to come in for a
drink to which he quickly rejects
deliberately looking downwards away from
both kelly and sandra as soon as kelly
is clear of the car sam quickly pulls
away leaving both kelly and sandra
looking disappointed
the week comes to a close and sam is out
on a hovercraft in the glades
kelly will be over tomorrow to clean his
jeep but sam knows she has other
intentions
kelly and her friend nicole arrive at
sam's place in the late afternoon for
the senior car wash kelly flirtatiously
greets sam but is quickly displeased to
see a woman come out from behind sam
barbara his girlfriend
she asks where the hoses and leaves to
wash the car
barbara irritably asks sam why kelly van
ryan is over to wash his car to which he
sheepishly replies that it's for a
charitable cause
kelly looks towards sam's barber leaves
but he immediately retreats indoors the
girls playfully wash the car soaking
through their clothes to kelly's dismay
sam might be the only one not interested
in the provocative car wash
sometime later the girls are finally
finished cleaning the jeep
sam emerges from his house remarking how
clean the car is kelly asks for the
coupon for the car wash which sam goes
inside to find
kelly looks towards her friend and tells
her to go as she slips into sam's house
after him
having found the coupon sam begins to
make his way to the door but is stopped
by kelly whose wet clothing is dripping
onto the floor
sam cautiously raises the coupon while
looking at kelly before the scene fades
away
some time later kelly is seen running
from sam's house with her shirt slightly
torn
the following day kelly is missing from
school
sandra calls sam to ask if he's seen her
but hears bangs outside and knows it's
kelly shooting clay pigeons as she has
in the past with a bad mood
sandra heads into the garden to ask
kelly what she's in a bad mood about
this time assuming it was a boy who
broke up with her and ruined her weekend
kelly runs inside and begins crying at
which point she tells sandra she is sad
about her father's suicide as sandra
poorly attempts to calm kelly down kelly
reveals she is actually sad because sam
lombardo had sexually assaulted her the
day before outraged sander immediately
goes to the blue bay police
sandra shouts at detective ray duquette
remarking that this can't happen to her
daughter in blue bay detective perez
tells sandra they will need to interview
kelly
reviewing the interview perez thinks
kelly may be lying about the incident
after sam rejected her advances duquette
disagrees and asserts he thinks sam did
it paris suggests a polygraph but their
boss and district attorney bryce hunter
jokes requesting a polygraph on a van
ryan is as good as handing in a two-week
notice and quitting
later that day art maddox sam's friend
and member of the school board
approaches him with bad news
sandra van reine has called all the
board members to push for his suspension
even while he didn't know about the
accusation
sam remarks he is the last person to be
told and implores are to believe him but
at this point there is nothing art can
do and he is forced to suspend sam from
working at blue ridge high
sam needs a lawyer and the only one
crazy enough in town to take on the van
ryans is the sleazy ken bowden
sam's life in blue bay has been
completely ruined by the accusation
barbara has broken up with him by the
command of her rich lawyer father who is
representing the van ryans in their case
against him he has a crackpot lawyer
himself he has been fired from his job
and he was even run off the road by one
of sandra van ryan's many boyfriends
destroying his jeep meanwhile across
town perez and duquette have been called
out to the glades to question a new
witness
they approached the old trailer to find
susie toller inside
she talks about sam lombardo describing
how he had offered her a lift a year
earlier and something happened
duquette brashfully asks if she had been
flirting with him disgusted and upset
suzy turns and admits sam sexually
assaulted her too duquette and perez
initially have a skeptical look on their
faces but it soon turns to shock as
susie's story sounds strikingly similar
to things kelly van ryan had said in the
unreleased interview
sam has now been arrested his only hope
is ken bowden and with his court date
set in a few days he doesn't anticipate
things will go well
ken plans to use some dirt he has on the
van ryans to disrupt the case but he
might be the only person in town who
still believes sam didn't do it
it's court day and sandra van ryan is
driven in her limo with kelly to a media
circus waiting outside the court the
case has made the local news and
reporters all want an angle on the story
court is in session and the room falls
silent as sam enters the courtroom kelly
van ryan is the first person to go onto
the stand the state lawyer who is trying
to get a long conviction on sam
carefully asks her about what happened
her answers shocked the court and jury
susie toller is next on the stand
she sits with her feet up on the stand
ken begins to question her revealing
that around the same time of her assault
she had called mr lombardo for help
after being arrested however some months
later she was arrested a second time but
still called sam for help
suzy scoffs remarking so what but ken
presses on telling the court sam didn't
show up the second time which lead to
susie's six-month detention center stay
could susie have made her story up to
get revenge on sam
suzy looks up and with a raised voice
tells ken she isn't lying
ken smiles walks to the witness stand
and speaks softly asking susie if she
likes staying in the detention facility
as she is now under oath and anything
she is lying about will result in
serious time
the court falls completely silent
waiting for a response from susie
thanks for watching
part two is up already and you can find
it on the end card or in the description
like and subscribe for more comment
below which movies you'd like recapped
in the next video